<p>This is my second Laravel Project, the website of a pscychedelic rock band based in Athens-Greece. These guys really rock, check them out if you wish at <a href="https://ribbonsofeuphoria.com">ribbonsofeuphoria.com</a>!</p>
<p>In this project I focused a lot in learning more about Bootstrap, SASS and Blade templating in order to improve my front end skills. I kept the back end as simple as I could. My first approach was to integrate the back end in the front end, using buttons for editing and removing posts etc. In that approach I finished the project. However, a friend suggested that I should keep them separate; I followed his advice and implemented a separate back end from scratch, despite having to rewrite much of the code. It was a good advice and a note for good practices which I'm going to follow from now on!</p>
<p>The project includes a custom photo library for uploading images, a customizable slideshow, past, and upcoming events, posts divided into categories, connection with the bands Bandcamp music account for live audio streaming and online purchases etc.</p>
<p>Having rearranged the project so much I decided to implement more features, and I added Google Maps thanks to Brad Conford's <a href="https://github.com/bradcornford/Googlmapper">GoogleMapper</a>, such a great tool! I also used <a href="https://github.com/spatie/laravel-cookie-consent">cookie-consent</a> by spatie, another great package!</p>
<p>Feel free to comment and point out any bad code, that's the way to improve!</p>

<p><em>Stathis Andreou @ <a href="https://deepseacoding.com">deepSeaCoding.com</a></em></p>
